hi everyone today I'll be showing you
how to create a sexy vampire look that's
perfect for this Halloween
keep watching to start off this look I
will remove all the red from Vincent
skintone to do this I mix the green
cream base with concealer I will apply
this to all the areas of your skin they
have a lot of red in it and blend it in
with my fingers
now I'm taking a foundation that is
about one to two shades lighter than his
skin this will pale out his skin even
more giving him that dead cold vampire
appearance be sure to blend this
foundation into all the skin that will
be visible I'm going to take a red
eyeshadow and mix it in with a bit of
concealer I'm Nels applying it to his
lash lines on both top and bottom this
will help that I appear to higher
member
the brown eyeshadow blend out the
lashline creating the appearance of dark
circles but be sure to avoid taking this
all around the eye as this can look like
a black eyes or raccoon eye and that if
you not the look we're going for use an
eyeshadow that is a bit like a burnt
orange to give it a more tired effect in
the center of your lower lashline blend
into the previous eyeshadow I'm using a
cool tone brown shadows to create a
sunken face look where Vincent's
cheekbones and jaw would be more
pronounced than normal
now I'm going to glue miss brows and
fill in any areas that appear to be a
little more sparse Vinson has pretty
sexy brows so there's not much that I
need to do here
I'm going to use that same foundation to
mute out the slip
to finish up this look apply a little
bit of blood to your vampire
and ladies whatever you do don't make
eye contact with the vampire it's not
safe
I hope you enjoyed this tutorial till
next time bye